add some sentences to ethics section (#12)
the-teachingRSE-project/end_of_RSEng: future_challenges_for_RSEng.tex

  - Encourage knowledge exchange to find models that suit different organizational constraints.

\subsection{Ethics and social consideration}
The ethics and values of the Research Software Engineer are grounded in their practice.
They commit to the health, safety and welfare of the public and act in the interest of society, their employer and their clients \cite{Goth2023}.
Sometimes these values are in direct conflict with the aims of their institution.
For example, their PI might insist on quickly developing some software without adhering to current best practices.

> Another example might be that they are developing code that can also be used for military purposes, such as numerical solvers or computer vision systems.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to avoid this example, avoiding opening the "can of worms" of military-use-research.

  - Encourage knowledge exchange to find models that suit different organizational constraints.

\subsection{Ethics and social consideration}
The ethics and values of the Research Software Engineer are grounded in their practice.
They commit to the health, safety and welfare of the public and act in the interest of society,
their employer and their clients \cite{Goth2023}.
Sometimes these values are in direct conflict with the aims of their institution. 
For example, their PI might insist on quickly developing some software without adhering to current
best practices. 

> Another example might be that they are developing code that can also be used for military purposes,

Reviewer: I would avoid this example to avoid the whole discussion about military use from here.

such as numerical solvers or computer vision systems.
Like engineers, RSEs take the responsibility for the software they develop.
RSEs need to be aware of these issues and develop their own ``red lines''. 

RSEs are publicly funded.

> Like data collected by scientists should adhere to the FAIR principles \cite{FAIR}, research software developed by RSEs

Reviewer 2: I got a bit confused by the "Like"

```suggestion
Similarly to how data collected by scientists should adhere to the FAIR principles \cite{FAIR}, research software developed by RSEs
```
